Since 2007, human feet have washed
ashore along the eerie coastlines of the
Salish Sea. With no signs of struggle
and no clear pattern, the discovery
sparked wild theories. As more feet
continue to appear, the sea keeps its
secrets and the mystery deepens. Hear
more about this over on my true crime
channel, Saturn Soul. All linked down
below.
My name is Joseph and I'm from Austria.
Many years ago, I went on a long awaited
dream holiday to Paris, France. I had
always wanted to see the Eiffel Tower,
walk along the Ruda Fore St. Honor,
explore the catacombs, and visit Notre
Dame Cathedral. It's such a tragedy what
happened to that. But I finally saved up
enough money to take the time off from
my job as a chef and surprise my girl
with a trip to the city of love. We
drove there from our home country of
Austria and had a nice road trip on the
way, staying at various locations and
making many happy memories.
Then we reached Gay Perry. It really was
the most romantic city. We dined under
the shadow of the Eiffel Tower and the
twinkling city lights. We took long
walks along the sane and made love in
our hotel room with the windows open to
the late night city. Apologies if this
is not appropriate to share, but we
Europeans are just sort of a free people
who are not ashamed of our love for
beautiful women. It was perhaps our
fourth day in Paris when myself and my
lover Amelia were seated in a cafe
awaiting our latest dectible taste of
French cuisine.
I had parked our car on the street
outside. There was a parking space next
to it and I thought nothing of it as the
average car would be able to fit in
there. A man came driving along and
idled beside the space. The movement
caught my eye and I watched him with
some curiosity as I am always interested
to see how other people maneuver into
parking spaces.
I forget the brand of car that this man
had, but it was clearly too big for him.
He did not possess the necessary skill
to navigate into the parking space.
Instead of giving up and moving on,
however, he began to use his vehicle to
shunt the cars on either side of the
space in order to widen the gap. My car
included, of course. Shunting a parked
car like that can shatter the steering
column or the axles. And this absolute
ollock was going hog wild doing it to my
car and that of the hless stranger
parked adjacent to me. Naturally, I
rushed out of the cafe and into the
street. I yelled at him in German,
forgetting myself for a moment, and he
pulled his car to a stop, pushed against
mine, and climbed out. This man was a
burly, dirty looking dock worker type
who fit every stereotype of the rough
and vulgar Frenchman that I'd ever seen
growing up. Nothing like the actual
people I'd encountered in Paris thus
far, I might add.
I could tell that he didn't understand a
word that I was saying to him in German,
but my French is pretty Merida, so I
tried English.
I told him that he would damage my car
and the neighboring car and his own car,
too, and to stop being a de and go and
park somewhere else if he wasn't able to
fit a stupid vehicle in the space. And
the man called me a filthy Spanish pig
and then told me to go back to Spain. I
raised an eyebrow at him and called him
a slur that I probably shouldn't have
said. A very rude word in Austrian that
sounds a little like foot but means
something very different. And this was a
big mistake because apparently he
understood enough to know what I was
insulting him with. And this burly man
almost leaped over the hood of his car
and came running towards me. He jabbed
one huge finger right into my chest,
almost knocking me backwards as he did
so. I really hoped that Amelia would
stay in the cafe and not draw attention
to the fact that she was with me. Now
this road rageed Frenchman began to yell
at me and spit was flying from his lips.
Now in English, I asked him to politely
back off, but instead he grabbed me and
pushed me up against the wall. He put
one fist next to my head in a clearly
threatening gesture and began screaming
right into my face. In that moment, I
understood why they become road rage
incidents. Because I felt the anger
burning inside me, too. How dare this
borish man yell at me and get spit in my
face. I was a visitor to a city.
Besides, he was the one who had
repeatedly shunted that car like some
moronic bull. So, I said this to him,
trying my best to seem angry and
threatening, and then shoved him
backwards to get him off of me. Now,
this was a huge mistake. The Frenchman
barely budged and then sneered at me and
started laughing. He drew his fist back,
ready to clock me in the jaw. I ducked
and then he punched the granite wall
behind me. Now, no sooner had he started
to howl that I delivered a kick to his
nether regions and ducked under his arm.
Now, I probably should have kicked him
harder because it did absolutely nothing
to slow the enraged Frenchman driver
down.
He reached out to grab me and I could
see actual murder in his eyes. He was
snarling and frothing like some kind of
drunken animal. And I'm sure he was
indeed plastered even though it was only
3:00 in the afternoon.
My moment of confidence was over. I
bolted, running from that angry driver
down the street, calling for help.
Paris, which had once seemed such a
romantic and wonderful place, now seemed
hostile and uninviting to me. Passers by
looked on with just blank dismissal as I
thundered down the sidewalk, my
lumbering aggressor behind me.
Thankfully, I was fitter, healthier, and
smarter than him. I darted through a
crowd, then across a courtyard, and
eventually found myself looking at the
Louve Pyramid. An art gallery and museum
seemed like the perfect place to lose a
man such as this. So, I darted past the
glass structure, ducked into a building,
and quickly found a public toilet. I hid
in there and called Amelia on my cell
and asked her to keep an eye out for the
guy. She told me she was still in the
cafe and that the police had been called
and the man's car was being clamped and
towed. I stayed in the line with her as
she described the next scene. The angry
driver returned to his car and saw
officers milling around the vehicle. I
suppose in his drunken stuper, he
mistook one of the officers for me and
began to grab him and then got forcibly
thrown to the ground and subdued with
batons.
Amelia described it to me as I cowered
in the bathroom, and I have never been
more grateful in my life to miss out on
something.
The man in his car were carted away, and
I have no idea what became of him, and I
really don't care to know. Thankfully,
our car was undamaged and we enjoyed the
rest of our trip to Paris, but I have
never trusted French drivers to park
their cars properly to this day.
[Music]
A few years ago, I went on vacation from
the States to Eastern Europe. Now, I
don't want to say exactly which country
I went to because it was most definitely
wonderful, and I don't want to give it a
bad name. I did a lot of traveling
around the country, and while most of
the places I visited were great with
awesome people and some pretty sick
food, just an awesome time in general,
there were a couple of joints that were
absolutely seedy as hell. One of them
was a town I'll just call Hellville. I
stayed here for a week when I was
backpacking and I was meeting a female
friend a week later and planned to spend
a bunch of time with her. So, for now, I
was just kicking back and exploring this
little town of Hellville that I found in
route to her digs.
I could tell that it was a sketchy place
as soon as I hopped off the bus into
town. It had a vibe kind of like Eli
Roth's hostel, and my dumb self found
that pretty exciting. I joked the whole
time before my vacation that I was going
to stumble across some backwoods village
where the locals kidnapped tourists for
the entertainment of rich sickos. And I
was almost excited by the fact that this
place looked like it had potential. Yes,
I know that I was and am an idiot. The
first night, I got way too drunk in the
local Hellville dive bar and almost got
into a fight with a Cheschnney
ex-military guy until we realized it was
a big misunderstanding and ended up
dancing and singing through the streets.
Matias became a good buddy then, and we
exchanged cell phone numbers. He was
backpacking through Europe, too. And in
our drunken stuper, we worked out that
our routes would intersect a bunch more
times, so we should look each other up.
Feeling good for making a new friend,
especially a badass Czech former
soldier, I collapsed into bed in my
hostel, being snapped at to shut the f
up by more than one angry traveler.
The next day, I went exploring
Hellville. There wasn't really much to
explore, just a few unhygienic looking
bars and cafes, a central square with an
honest to god village well in it, which
I was certain would give me chalera, and
then a bunch of farmland. I took a
stroll through the countryside to see if
I could find any of those classic
European milkmaids hard at work in the
fields. Sadly not, but I did spy a few
gruff looking farmers in a group of
teens in tracksuits that I didn't really
like the look of. They were sitting on a
fence, chattering in their language, and
I could tell that they were talking
about me because they were pointing at
me and then whispering to each other and
laughing. Despite being my arrogant
self, I decided to make like a tree and
split. I tried to look as casual as
possible, but quickly broke into a jog.
Now, my heart sank as I heard footsteps
and the sound of teenage voices behind
me. A couple of them sprinted ahead to
catch up with me and stood blocking my
route back into town. There must have
been five or six guys in total, four
eventually facing me, and then two big
meattheads blocking off the return path.
One of them pointed to my shoes and said
something about trainers. I didn't
understand for a moment and then he
muttered something about Nikes and then
sneakers.
I remembered Europeans referred to
sneakers as trainers and then realized
that he was saying that he liked my
Nikes. I said back, yeah, that they were
nice sneakers, but very cheap ones. Now,
this was true. They were probably only a
hundred bucks. Nothing to get excited
about.
This caused the teens to start laughing
cruy and then the obvious ring leader
pointed at my shoes again and referenced
that damn Daniel meme from years ago. I
politely laughed and he began to shove
me saying something in his language that
I didn't understand.
I could tell from his body language that
he was asking why I was laughing at him,
though, which I'm sorry, but I thought
that that's what you're supposed to do
when someone says a meme, even if it's
an ancient dead one. I had no idea how
to convey it to this guy though, who
clearly just wanted to start trouble
with me. His buddy, a fat pig-l looking
guy with a Michael Sarah bum fluff
mustache, also pointed at my shoes and
told me to take them off in some broken
English. Now, under no circumstances was
I going to give these a-holes my
sneakers. They might have been cheap
Nikes, but they were mine and they
served me pretty well on my backpacking
trip so far.
I told them to f off and then realized
that this might not be a good idea when
there were six of them and one of me. I
turned to leave and realized that one of
the bigger guys blocking my path was
actually carrying a knife. Now, it was
only a Swiss Army knife and looked rusty
as hell, but I didn't really like my
chances of survival if that thing went
into my gut. I was surrounded on both
sides, so I did the one thing they
hadn't counted on. I leaped the fence to
my right and began to sprint across the
fields like I was back in high school
track. These teens started yelling and
shouting and heard a crash from behind
me as they leaped and toppled over the
fence. One of them, probably the fat
kid, had fallen to the ground and
tripped a couple of more of them up. I
continued to sprint, glancing over my
shoulder, and saw that three of them
were still following, including the
leader and the one with a knife. Now,
this knife guy wasn't that fast, but the
leader was leaping over ditches and all
sorts of stuff, and clearly knew the
land better than I did, so he was
gaining on me. I kept running, looking
for help of some kind, any kind. Did
they even have cops patrolling the
streets here? I certainly hadn't seen
any kind of law enforcement. Hell, I'd
take a miserable looking farmer at this
point. Surely, these teens wouldn't stab
me to death for my sneakers in front of
the villagers.
I had no idea what the place might be
like, though. My mind went back to how
I'd joked about looking for a town like
in the movie Hostel. And I cursed myself
for being such an idiot. I wasn't even
going to die in a cool way by having my
eyes cut out or my wiener fed to dogs or
anything. I was going to get murdered in
the middle of some ass backwards nowhere
place just because these kids wanted my
hundred buck sneakers.
Hell no, I thought. I doubled my efforts
and leaped across the fields, vaultting
a fence or two in order to escape my
pursuers.
A stone whistled past my head and then
another, and I realized the teens had
stopped to scoop up projectiles at some
point, and I was now in serious danger
of getting my skull cracked, as well as
a knife between my ribs, probably.
A voice in the back of my head told me
that maybe I should just hand the
sneakers over, but my ego wouldn't allow
it. Instead, I managed to run to the
village. The first place I thought to go
was the local bar. And thank all that is
holy, my ex-military pal, Matias, was
actually sitting at the bar just nursing
a Coca-Cola or something and chatting to
the barkeep.
Now, I quickly ran up to him and told
him that the kids were trying to kill
me. He started laughing, patted me on
the back, and said that he was sure that
I could look after myself. And for some
reason, he thought that I meant little
children were trying to kill me. And I
frantically insisted that no, it was a
gang of late teens. One of them had a
knife and they were also throwing rocks.
And the door burst open and the three
pursuers came in. The bartender said
something in her language that I could
tell was probably derogatory. And the
ring leader of these youth snapped
something back. Matias jumped to his
feet, knocking a stool over and stood
towering over even the biggest of the
three teens.
In that moment, I saw F around and find
out playing out in real time.
Matias reached around the back of his
belt and produced a small bag, which I
realized was some kind of military-l
looking club. He slapped it against his
palm and stepped forward. The kids
froze, unsure whether to size up to
Matias or run.
In the end, the bartender made the
decision for them. He stepped out from
the back room, shotgun in hand, and
pumped it and pointed it at them. The
boy started frantically apologizing, and
the barman yelled something that I later
found out meant, "I'm going to tell your
fathers, and you'll be getting the
beating of a lifetime."
Matias and the barman explained to me
that American sneakers are a valuable
commodity to the teenagers in that
country, and I should probably wear
older, crappier looking shoes if I'm
going to travel around there. And Matias
even promised to hook me up with a pair
of his army boots, which later he did.
Now, they were three sizes too big for
me, but I wore them with pride and still
own them to this day. That night, Matias
and the barman treated me to a few
drinks, and Matias regiled me with some
tales from when he was in the military.
And all I can say is that I'm glad he
and I did not get into a fight the night
before. And I'm almost happy for the
teens that they backed down when they
did. Man, Matias can be scary at times,
and I'm still in touch with him to this
day via email sporadically. He travels
Europe like some kind of Jack Reacher
Drifter, only without the Wild
Adventures. But I like to think that if
he needed to throw down, he would.
Now, I moved on from Hellville the next
day and went to visit my female friend
early. I was not sad to be out of that
village. And looking back, I cannot
believe how dumb I was to fight for my
life instead of just handing over those
damn sneakers. But on the other hand,
they were nice sneakers and I paid for
them with my own money. No deranged
European kids get to steal my shoes.
[Music]
Firstly, I want to begin the story by
saying that I do think Egypt is a lovely
country. It's populated by many
wonderful people, and I have friends
that are both immigrants and natives. I
have visited the country again since the
incident I'm going to tell you about,
and I enjoyed my time there.
Unfortunately though, there's no
avoiding the fact that attitudes to
women in Egypt can be unpleasant. Things
are a bit more relaxed in the country in
2025. But when this occurred in 2011, it
could be extremely risky for a woman to
walk around by herself, especially
uncovered.
A lot of Egyptian women wear hijabs or
nikabs, covering their hair or almost
everything apart from their eyes. Of
course, Western non-Muslim women
visiting Egypt just dress how they
normally would. But this can be
dangerous and downright stupid if you're
alone. And as such, when I first visited
Cairo, it was strongly advised that
young women cover up as much as
possible. Make sure that they're with a
male chaperone and stick to the touristy
areas. I was most excited about seeing
the pyramids and exploring the deserts.
And I wasn't even particularly thrilled
about spending a few nights in central
Cairo before we began our proper tour.
Our tour guides insisted that it was
totally worth it though and we needed to
experience the city to experience Egypt.
As I followed the tour group through the
bizaars, taking in the sights, the
sounds, and the smells, I was starting
to get one over. My dad was engaged in
animated discussion with one of the
guides, and they become fast friends.
Mom just seemed happy to look at the
rugs and ornaments for sale, and all the
other middle-aged tourists were couping
and aawing over the sights.
I was the only young woman in her early
20s, and there was a guy my age on the
tour group, too. But he'd opted out of
this afternoon city tour due to food
poisoning, which was really because he
was hung over from the night before.
Nobody was really paying attention to
me, nor did I to them, which is why I
didn't notice at first when I lost sight
of the tour group. At first, I didn't
panic. They couldn't have gone far. But
when I turned down the next alleyway and
found myself in a crowd of unfamiliar
Egyptian faces, it did cause me to
pause. A few of the older male store
owners were looking at me a little
strangely, their eyes traveling up and
down my body, even though I was wearing
jeans and a long-sleeved t-shirt, the
best compromise I could make in this
heat. I got pulled along by the throng
of the crowd. And before I knew it, I'd
been kind of forced into another side of
the alley, ducking out of the flow of
people just so I could get my bearings.
A few young men stood in a doorway, and
I knew immediately that they were
trouble. They sort of strutdded over
towards me in the way that certain guys
do, and the way they studied my body
made the previous store owners looked
reserved. They looked at me with a
barely disguised hunger, and I swear to
God, one of them even licked his lips.
They started talking to each other in
Arabic, and I couldn't understand what
most of them had said, but recognized
the word for cattle or cow and girl.
One of them said something that caused
the others to hoot and clap his buddy on
the shoulders. I quickly apologized for
disturbing them, which was a mistake. I
shouldn't have acknowledged them or made
eye contact. Before I could step back
out of the alley, one of them grabbed me
by the wrist and pulled me deeper into
the shadows. My blood immediately ran
cold. I knew exactly what they wanted to
do to me and what the things that they
were saying meant. One of them pinned my
arms behind my back while another one
started to lift my t-shirt, running his
fingers over my stomach. I felt sick and
knew that this was it. If I didn't do
something now, then this was going to be
an event that would define the rest of
my life, whether I wanted it to or not.
I drew on all my self-defense training
and slammed my body back into the guy
holding my hands. He hit the wall with a
thud, letting go of my wrists, using the
momentum I kicked forwards at the guy
who had been touching me, slamming his
head backwards against the first guy's
nose as I did so, I heard a crunch and a
scream and quickly pulled free as two of
the guys howled in pain.
The third guy had been watching, but he
was the one that started to chase. I had
no idea where I was running to or how I
could find safety. There was every
chance that I'd just run into more angry
young men who were looking to tear me
apart. I can't even describe the chase
because it was all some blur. All I know
is that the man chasing me grabbed my
hair and shirt at least a few times,
including one where he tore a chunk of
the hair out of my scalp, causing me to
cry out in pain. It felt like I'd never
escaped him. Everywhere I went, crowds
were surging forward. And it was only
later that I learned that I was on the
outskirts of a goddamn armed riot. And I
think that's what saved me. Eventually,
I burst into a courtyard and saw my
parents and the tour group. They all
looked frantic and defensive. And I
guess that's why our one tour guide
who'd befriended my dad was holding a
brick. He barely paused as I came
sprinting into the courtyard, followed
by a guy who was clearly chasing me. The
tour guide pulled back his arm and let
his brick fly straight and true. I heard
it hit my pursuer's head with a loud
hollow clunk, and he just sort of
dropped to the floor like a discarded
sack of potatoes.
The tour guide said it was better that
we got out of here because something was
clearly going down. So, he and the other
guide led us down some more side streets
and away from what he explained was
turning into a full-scale riot. I asked
if we should tell the cops about the
guys who tried to assault me and he just
sort of laughed.
We made it back to the hotel, which was
gated and had armed guards. The next
day, it was time for the tour group to
move on anyway. And we spent the rest of
the vacation at a luxury resort near the
pyramids where we lounged by the pool,
relaxed, and went on various day trips
to ancient historic sites of interest.
Now, I love Egypt, and like I say, I've
been back there since. But this was the
most terrifying experience I've ever
had, and one that could have changed my
life. All because some people see others
as less than human.
[Music]
This is a story I tell my buds for a
laugh sometimes, but I only laugh about
it because otherwise you'd bloody cry,
you know. Everything turned out okay,
but honestly, at the time, I thought my
entire life was over and I'd spent the
rest of my days rotting in a Dutch jail.
So, it all started because me and a
mate, Milo, got really into mopeds. We
both got mopeds while we were still in
school. While the rest of our friends
were learning to drive cars, we smuggly
declared that our little scooters were
the most coste effective, sensible
option. And anyone who pissed all their
money into the tank of a four-seater gas
guzzler was a right chump.
After school, we graduated from just
having our CBT, a learner's permit for
mopeds, to actually passing our
motorcycle tests. We were living large,
riding our mopeds around town like a
lame British Mackmore. That that song he
did about mopeds downtown, which was
unironically our theme song if you want
to picture exactly the kind of
insufferable that we were back
then. Now, one day, Milo excitedly
showed me a video that he'd found online
advertising a group moped trip from
Poland to the Netherlands. I didn't
quite understand the deal at first, but
as I watched the video, it seemed like
we'd go on a cross-continent moped tour
with a group as part of a documentary
they were filming. Not only would we get
to embark on the trip of a lifetime, but
it would cost us almost nothing. As long
as we could get ourselves there, we'd be
provided with room, board, and moped
rental every step of the way. I was a
bit sad to have to leave my beloved
Vespa behind in the UK, but as for the
rest, you could not sniff at that at
all. Milo was incredibly enthusiastic
about it, too. And looking back, I
didn't really have the time to pause and
wonder if there was some kind of catch.
And by the time my girlfriend Jane
suggested it seemed too good to be true,
I was already fully on board and
committed to the idea. So, I didn't
really want to find any excuses to back
out of the trip. I didn't do my due
diligence and look into Pete, the guy
organizing the tour. Milo said that he
had though and everything was totally on
level. So, hey, why wouldn't I believe
my childhood best friend? We flew to
Poland a couple of months later and
honestly, I'd be lying if I said that
the trip wasn't great. It was our first
time going on a foreign holiday and we
really relished it. The moped journey
from Poland to the Netherlands was great
fun, even if it took some getting used
to riding a different machine. And me,
Milo, and the three other guys, and Pete
all got on really well.
After some days of fun, frolocks, and
breakneck moped driving, we pulled into
the parking lot of the hotel we were
going to be staying at in the
Netherlands.
Immediately, it was very obvious that
this was a brothel. And I shot Milo a
look. This is not what we'd agreed upon.
Jane would certainly not be okay with me
staying in the damn brothel.
Luckily for Jane, she wouldn't have to
worry about it. We parked up our mopeds
outside, climbed off, and then suddenly
flood lights slammed on in the darkness,
and loud voices were yelling. I didn't
understand what was being said, but as a
group of armed cops stormed into view, I
understood the premise. Get down on the
ground with your hands above your head.
I complied, but I was almost laughing.
This had to be some kind of
misunderstanding. There was no reason
why I should be getting arrested by
armed cops.
My confidence remained as they forced
open the seats of our mopeds and threw
our stuff to the ground. Some changes of
clothes I'd stashed under the seat,
nothing of note. One of the officers
yanked the backpack off my back and
emptied the contents onto the ground.
I watched in dawning horror as an armed
cop snatched up my passport and pocketed
it. Then another cop began slicing open
the seats of the mopeds. That's when my
confidence really dissipated.
I stared openmouthed as they pulled two
duct tape packages out of the seat
cushioning that I'd spent the last few
days sitting on. I didn't have to ask to
know what I'd been sitting on, though.
struggling to look around at Milo, who
was being nailed on by a cop. The look
on his face caused my heart to
completely sink. The absolute imbecile
was not at all surprised to see the
drugs. My best friend had implicated me
in a freaking cocaine smuggling
operation without my knowledge. No
wonder it had been too good to be true.
No wonder Pete was such a nice guy.
I'd known Milo had a few dodgy contacts
and dabbled in very light dealing back
at home, but I had no idea he'd done
anything like this.
Protesting my innocence did not help,
though, as I was dragged into a waiting
patty wagon and then booked and
processed in a Dutch jail and thrown
into a single cell where I had nothing
to do but sit, fret, and poop myself in
fear. Not literally.
I'd never even been in trouble with the
law before. and the idea that I could
genuinely be going to prison, that I had
actually committed a serious crime, even
unwittingly.
The next few days were a blur of terror
and anxiety. I could not make an
international call to let Jane know what
was going on. I could not get a hold of
Milo and ring that idiot's neck while
demanding he explain things. All I could
do was talk to a couple of Dutch cops
who barely spoke English, but knew just
enough to tell me that I was in a whole
heap of trouble.
In the end, it was Pete who proved to be
my savior, even if he was the ring
leader and the guy to blame in the first
place. Milo clammed up, refusing to say
anything in my defense. But in the end,
Pete spilled everything and cut some
kind of deal where he ratted out his
suppliers.
Part of the deal involved telling them
that myself and two of the three other
guys were just clueless psies brought
along to drive the extra mopeds. Only
Pete, Milo, and a third guy, Jacob, were
actually part of the drug smuggling.
The day that a guy from the UK embassy
came to visit me in my cell and told me
I was going home, I genuinely fell to my
knees and wept.
I went home and hugged my mom and dad
and had a bang up Sunday roast. My
homecoming to Jane wasn't quite so
grand, though. I don't think she ever
quite believed me that I wasn't involved
in the criminal enterprise. And
honestly, that really hurt. I'd never
done anything to make her distrust me.
And after 6 months of constant jibes and
jokes about my complicity, I couldn't
stand it anymore. And we actually ended
up breaking up. Even though the Dutch
law accepted that I had no knowledge of
the drug smuggling, I was still deported
and banned from entering the Netherlands
for 10 years.
That time's just up about now, and not
sure why I'd ever want to go back,
though, unless for some reason I wanted
to visit Milo, who's still serving two
more years on his sentence. I have no
sympathy for that idiot. Even after Pete
spilled the beans, Milo pleaded not
guilty and got a much longer sentence
because of it. It's like the American
Wesley Snipe said, "Some mother lovers
always trying to drive a moped up a
hill.
[Music]
Me and my Mrs. are writing to you today
to tell you about an absolutely messed
up trip to the United Kingdom that we
took a few years ago. It was just after
co travel restrictions had been lifted.
So, we were itching to stretch our legs
and visit a foreign country. So, we
picked somewhere as far away from home
as possible.
We didn't really have a plan for our UK
holiday. It seemed like a nice place, so
we opened up a map of Britain, stuck it
on the dart board at the bar that I
co-owned with my brother, and I threw a
dart at it. Well, we missed. And I would
have had to vacation in the Bristol
Channel, so we threw another one and
landed on Sussex.
We didn't know anything about Sussex and
apparently it's not really a massive
tourist destination, but we picked the
funniest sounding place that also seemed
a bit touristy. Bognar Regis. We figured
if it was crap, it wouldn't be too hard
to shoot up to London early, which we
plan to do for the second half of the
holiday regardless.
Bognar Regis was actually great. We hit
the town in July, dead in the middle of
the Australian winter. And despite what
we'd heard about the UK, the weather was
bons. Me and the misses spent our days
sunbathing on the beach, buying crap
from the seafront stores, and getting
sunburnt.
Then at night, we hit the bars and the
clubs and tried our best to paint the
quiet seaside town red.
We made a bunch of friends at Bognar
Regis. Other tourists from all over the
world like Detroit, Belgium, Turkey,
Birmingham, all sorts. One fellow that
we met, he said his name was Rishi, like
the then prime minister, which we all
found really funny. Rishi was a wild
party animal, and it was with Rishi that
we got so drunk one night that we found
ourselves lost in the middle of the
countryside, unsure how to get back to
Bognar Regis.
Me and the Msus were both absolutely
wrecked and we lost track of Rishi
altogether.
We were out in the middle of nowhere
with no idea how we'd even managed to
get there. I have a vague memory of
riding in a van with Rishi and some
other guys drinking cheap beer. But but
now me and the MS were walking along a
country road in the dark singing God
Save the Queen. Rest in peace, Liz.
Eventually, we came across a 24-hour
petrol station and a service station.
There was a Costa Coffee, but it was
closed and the McDonald's staffed by a
very borl looking teenage boy. We bought
some munchies and then wandered to the
gas station to see if they had the
number for a local taxi firm or some
type of ride. The guy at the counter
directed us to a notice board, which we
struggled to read in our drunken state,
but eventually found a business card
from someone offering taxi services 24
hours a day. I called it up on my
mobile, and a very polite young woman
answered. I told her where we were at,
described the service station, and she
said that she knew exactly where to send
a driver. She told us to look out for a
silver Ford, and that our driver would
be named Mirs.
Half an hour later, a car pulled into
the petrol station lot, and a shifty
looking bloke gestured us over. I asked
if he was Mirrors, and he said, "Sure,
why not?" Now, looking back, I can't be
sure if we got into the right car. It's
hard to get it clear in my head whether
I'm just remembering things wrong or
whether we really were this careless
with getting into a car with a stranger.
Either way, Mirrors or whoever this
crooked bogan was did not have our best
interests at heart. It wasn't
immediately obvious. We had no bloody
clue where we were. So, we had no bloody
clue that Mirs was driving us in the
total opposite direction to Bogna Regis.
And by now, my Mrs. had passed out and
was snoring against my shoulder. I tried
to make conversation with Mirs from the
back seat, but he suddenly pretended
that he couldn't speak English. Weird, I
thought. He'd understood me perfectly
earlier. Or maybe I'd been so drunk that
I just sort of slurred nonsense at him
and he just sort of gone along with it.
When we pulled up to a stop, I knew we
definitely weren't in Bner Regis. We
were in the courtyard of some broken
down, filthy farmhouse that looked like
it hadn't been lived in for years.
Still, I saw a chicken run across the
dirt in the darkness, and at least one
goat peering at me eerily from beyond a
fence. Lovely, I thought. Mirs got out
of the car and yelled something into the
darkness. A dog began to bark furiously,
and a male voice called back. I peered
through the front windscreen from the
back seat, squinting into the darkness,
and saw two fellas join me. Mirs had his
window down so I could hear them, even
though I don't think he knew that I
could hear them. Fear gripped me as I
realized what they were talking about.
Mirs was saying that we were rich
American tourists. We're Australians,
you wanker, I wanted to yell. And that
nobody knew where we were, so they could
just do us over and dump us in the acid
vats out back.
Bloody Norah, I thought. I didn't much
fancy that either. And neither did one
of the men because he vehemently
disagreed with Mirs, slapping him around
on the back of the head even. And at
first, I thought this meant Mirs had
been kidding around. But no, the other
man said that they just wanted to do me
in, but the misses should be handed over
to Osama and his boys, and they'd know
what to do with her. I swear on my old
dad's grave when I heard Osama I thought
that they were just Lericans. But then
Mir said something like, "Sure, maybe
they'll hook us up with some of their
fine." And then a derogatory term that
implied that he was talking about very
young women.
Next, I saw the glint of steel as one of
the men unshathed some huge blade.
Right, this could totally ruck off.
Machetes, grooming gangs, a lady called
Osama. Not bloody likely. Not for me in
the misses. And I didn't even think.
Drunk as an absolute skunk, I clambored
into the front of the Ford Escort. The
Lord God above must have been looking
out for me that night because Mirror's
the had left his freaking keys in
the ignition. For a second, I thought I
was going to have a classic horror movie
moment where the engine wouldn't take
over and the car wouldn't start. But
nah, luck was on my side. I gunned the
engine and drove straight forward, even
clipping mirrors in the leg as he dived
out of the way. Somehow, despite being a
terrible driver, even when sober, I
managed to pull off a perfect U-turn and
then send the car squealing, crashing
out of the gate of the farmyard and onto
the darkened country roads.
I pushed that battered old Ford Escort
to its absolute peak, breaking the speed
limit for a good 20 minutes, hoping and
praying that I'd encountered the law so
they could pull me over and I could tell
them everything.
Eventually, I remembered the misses in
the back. The lucky bird had slept
through the entire thing and only now
just started stirring, muttering and
asking where we were and then telling me
to slow down.
Eventually, we found our way to a little
village which had a 24-hour Tesco. Both
our phones had run out of battery at
some point in the night, so we went
inside and I told the poor old deer on
the checkout that we'd almost been
kidnapped by a grooming gang and could
we possibly borrow the phone. I'd
sobered up quite a bit by now and I
imagine I was still a total mess and the
misses was still radar.
Now, long story short, the cops came.
They searched some farm houses in the
area that could match the description I
gave, but they didn't find anyone. And
the car that we'd acquired had stolen
plates and had been reported stolen a
few years before.
The cops impounded it. And for all I
know, it's still in some impound lot
today. The name Mirs was apparently the
name of a local taxi driver and had not
been the guy whose car we'd gotten into.
They were able to verify that the real
Mirs showed up at the petrol station
shortly after we got into the wrong
Ford.
The cops did confirm one chilling fact,
though. Osama was the first name of a
suspect in a grooming gang case in the
area. Unfortunately, our testimony
didn't really help anything with that
case, but I hope to God they got him. Me
and the misses got off pretty lightly,
all told. I still have friends who to
this day insist that I got so drunk I
imagine this whole thing. But I have
copies of the police reports as a
souvenir from our time in Bogna Regis to
prove it. And I can only wish total ill
will upon the men who intended to kill
us, especially fake mirrors. I hope it
hurt when I hit you with your own car.
And if you ever come to Australia, I'll
happily feed you to a kangaroo, you
tosser.
[Music]
Back in the 2000s, I went on a girl's
trip to Cree. For the most part, it was
absolutely awesome, especially for a
history nerd like me. I loved exploring
all the ruins, taking in the local
history, and hanging out on the beach.
And unlike at home, it was totally fine
to sunbathe topless, so my pale ass
didn't have to end up with an awful tan
line like I usually did on vacation in
theory. Anyway, of course, I was
actually way too shy to do that, but it
was nice to know that I could have if I
wanted to. I mention this because it's
irrelevant that I'm kind of a
wallflower. I don't really like being
the center of attention or doing any
wild things. I'm not a party girl, never
have been. At the time of this vacation,
I was just out of college, and I'd still
never even been drunk. I drank a glass
of wine or two with dinner, but that was
the extent of it. I was much more at
home among the ancient stones of Greece
than I was in the clubs, even if that
was the main purpose of this holiday. I
was the sensible one of the group, the
designated driver, the sober Sally, and
I was okay with this. I'd still go out
on the town with the other girls, but
I'd be the one to head back to the hotel
by 10 p.m. and then awake to see the
sunrise.
All this to say, when I went to some
Cretton ruins with one of my friends,
Nora, and we met a couple of local
brothers who offered us something to
drink, I made them swear on Zeus that it
was an alcoholic. For one thing, it was
early afternoon. For another, I wanted
to keep a clear head on because I was
planning on exploring some subterranean
tunnels in the ruins and they weren't
entirely safe. We'd met the boys in the
town the night before and they had
construction permits for the area which
wasn't entirely open to the public. They
assured me that the bitter purple drink
was a local recipe, a natural energy
drink made from dandelions and other
plants. At any other time, I would not
accept strange drinks from strange men.
But we were also accompanied by the
brother's grandparents and a sweet and
lovely old couple who also assured me
that the drink was not alcoholic and
would simply give me the energy and
drive to explore the ruins.
Obviously, it's clear from the setup
that there was something wrong with the
drink. But to this day, I'm certain that
the family didn't intend there to be
anything wrong with it. They just didn't
consider the fact that their beloved
family recipe might require a bit of
acclamatization for an American tourist
who isn't used to drinking something
that contains dtora.
For those who don't know, dtor is a
somewhat poisonous plant that can be
used as a recreational hallucinogen.
Later, the family told me that they only
used a pinch of doura in their drink to
give it a kick, but I barely even drank
wine, let alone hallucinogens or poison.
On top of that, I was unknowingly
suffering from mild sunstroke. I'd spent
all morning in the sun at the ruins, and
I'd mostly only been drinking this
bitter dandelion and doura juice, so I
was sunruck and absolutely dehydrated.
All of this was a recipe for disaster
when I went down into the tunnels under
the ruins, armed only with a flashlight,
and decided that I could absolutely
manage it alone.
It didn't take long for me to start
panicking. It was cooler underground,
but there were strange sounds. Soon, I'd
lost sight of any natural sunlight and
only had my flashlight to guide me. I
started sensing something was wrong.
Soon after that, whirls and chips in the
rock began to form words and pictures in
the darkness. I paused for five entire
minutes, reading some ancient writing on
the wall that suddenly turned back into
meaningless rock texture.
And next, I was certain that I could
feel hot animal breath on my neck. I
spun around, and of course, nothing was
there. Somehow I got it into my mind
that the ghost of a Minotaur was down
here with me, an invisible Minotaur
ghost, and I began to run down the
corridors, as if that would somehow help
if it was in fact a ghost. I ended up
just getting myself more lost and then
heard scraping in the skittering of
small stones. I shone my flashlight down
the corridor and a small minotaur with a
hairy face was standing there. At least
that's what I saw him as in my sunstroke
adult deta brain state.
The minotaur began to advance towards
me, snorting and growling at me. A voice
in the back of my mind was telling me
that I was hallucinating. I couldn't
possibly actually be seeing a minotaur.
It was an invisible ghost minotaur after
all. So I stood my ground and shown my
flashlight at the creature and waited
for it to pass through me and disappear.
Instead, the Minotaur reached out and
grabbed me. Stinking foul wine breath
washed over me as the beast bored down
on me. And for some reason, the Minotaur
wore a filthy fisherman's coat and
fishing pants, too. And he had gum boots
on and a beard and a knitted cap and was
also an old man. Yeah, this wasn't a
minotaur. It was a hobo lurking around
in the ruins. And now he had his hands
on me.
My head was spinning and colors were
flashing around the tunnel like I was in
a magic abyss. The hobo minotaur clacked
his teeth at me and slobbered down his
beard and I felt him grabbing at the
waistband of my pants. Hell nobody. I
raised the flashlight up over my head
and brought it down on his forehead with
a crack. This caused this hobo
minotaitar to howl in enraged pain and
let go of me, but it also caused the
flashlights beam to weaken quite
considerably. I shoved the hobo roughly
against a wall and ran past him, trying
to follow the route that I was sure that
I'd taken. And it was a chase sequence
worthy of an actual slasher movie. Not
least because the hobo managed to grab
me a couple of times and tear my shirt a
bit. Thankfully, nothing revealing, and
I would have been mortified, as we've
already established. It was just enough
to make me look kind of badass when I
came running out of the tunnels
screaming that I was being chased by a
freaking Minotaur. And holy crap,
someone called Olympus because there was
an actual monster after me.
Norah grabbed me and shook me and asked
me what was really wrong. Norah had been
drinking the Dtora drink, too, but
didn't seem to be affected by it in the
same way I was. Maybe because she was
used to alcohol and also didn't have
sunstroke.
I tried to explain that there was a
beast, but then the hobo came charging
out of the tunnel, screaming and
yelling. Later, our Greek friends
wouldn't translate exactly what he'd
said, but told me that it was obscene.
The hobo rushed at me and grabbed me,
throwing me to the ground and flipping
me over. Norah punched him, and I
kicked, squabbbling backwards away from
him as he reeled back. The Greek guys we
were with came running over, and one of
them grabbed the hobo and threw him
backwards. He stumbled across the area,
hitting a pillar hard with his arm. Some
debris dislodged from the top of the
pillar and fell straight onto his
shoulder, sending him crashing to the
ground. I heard an absolute sickening
crunch of bone as the rock pinned him
down. And for a moment, I almost felt
bad for him until I remembered what he'd
clearly been trying to do to me in those
tunnels.
The elderly couple told the grandsons to
take us back to our hotel and that
they'd call the cops and get the hobo
arrested for trespassing.
They said it was better that we didn't
let them know that we'd been in the
ruins because we weren't strictly
supposed to be there and the Greek
police can be a bit volatile. As much I
didn't Damn. That said, it was better
that we didn't let them know that we'd
been in the ruins because we weren't
strictly supposed to be there and the
Greek police can be a bit volatile. As
much as I didn't want the hobo to get
away with assaulting me, I was still
very dizzy and confused from whatever
was affecting me and also judging from
the state of the hobo and his crushed
arm, he wouldn't be trying to assault
anyone else anytime soon.
I slept off the heat exhaustion and
dtora poisoning and the next day we had
a conversation with these Greek brothers
in which we worked out that the dora in
the cocktail was the likely culprit for
my hallucinations if you haven't already
figured it out. And in some ways I think
their strange concoction actually
helped. It gave me the energy to fight
back against this hobo and escape
through the tunnels. And maybe if I'd
been faced with the dark reality of the
situation down in those ruins, I might
have fallen apart and been unable to
escape. On the other hand, maybe if I
wasn't high on Dora and actually had
heat stroke, I might not have gone into
a labyrinth alone in the first place.
But really, who can say?
[Music]
I've got a story about Canada that I
want to share with you. My family and I
are from Kentucky. There's me, my wife
Ellie, my 20-year-old daughter, my
15-year-old son, and my 9-year-old
daughter. We go on vacation to Europe
most years, but last year we decided
that it was finally time to get really
exotic and head to Canada. We set on a
small village near the boreal forest and
went about researching the perfect
Airbnb to rent for a week of wilderness
tranquility and enjoyment.
My wife found the perfect place, very
affordable, too, and we booked it. A few
months later, I headed up to Merry
Canada with the fam and tow. My son
Elijah spent the entire journey playing
on his Switch and wouldn't pay attention
to the beautiful natural countryside.
But my wife and daughters were aruck,
and so was I. I hadn't been to Canada in
many years, and was bringing back a lot
of fond memories.
We arrived at the Airbnb, a stunning
woodland property just off from the
nearby village. The key was meant to be
just inside this digital lock box
attached to the front of the house, but
as we pulled up and got out, it was
pretty clear that the box was hanging
open. Great start. I tried the front
door and it was locked, of course. Well,
no problem. Thankfully, there was cell
reception at the property, so I called
up the number that we had for the
owners, but no answer.
Great. Again,
seconds later, we heard footsteps
crunching under the driveway. An elderly
couple waved to us and asked if we'd
been calling them. They introduced
themselves as the owners of the property
and apologized if they were running
late. They had the key with them and
they could let us right on in.
They were an oddlooking pair, I guess.
The husband introduced himself as an ex-
cop in his 70s, and he reminded me of
one of the sort of Weeble toys from when
I was a kid. Weeble wobbles but won't
fall down. You know the ones. He was
completely hairless. Like shiny, bald,
and free of eyebrows. But he had a huge,
huge bushy beard that I kept staring at
because I was certain it was a wig. Is
that what you call a fake beard? To this
day, I don't even know. And the icing on
the cake was his name. He said his name
was Gerald Gabaldi. And I began to laugh
when he said this, but my wife kind of
elbowed me. And Gerald Gabaldi looked
slightly excited as if he had no idea
what the joke was. And the wife
introduced herself as Moren Gabaldi. And
the hair on her face wasn't a wig. It
was unfortunate, but Meen Garbaldi had a
few thick whiskers sprouting from her
chin and a very prominent female
mustache that looked like it hadn't been
waxed since pretty much ever. Not that
she had any obligation to actually wax,
of course, but needless to say that they
were a very odd-looking couple. My
eldest, Cindy and Elliot, were elbowing
each other, sort of whispering and
laughing, and it was all I could do to
keep a straight face when my youngest,
Amy, kept asking what was so funny.
Moren was in her 60s and wore a flowery
summer dress that was kind of obscenely
short. She had a long white socks on and
those black shiny shoes that honest to
God, school girls wear. And I'm ashamed
to say that the pair of them kind of
unsettled me. Jared and Marine Gabaldi
led us into the house and then very
kindly gave us a tour that somehow
managed to last nearly 2 hours. Then
they very kindly helped us bring our
luggage in from the car and then kindly
helped us unpack the kitchen things and
food and other essentials and then
kindly sat there like eager puppies,
clearly waiting for us to invite them to
stay for dinner. It was the first night
of our freaking vacation, though. And I
really didn't want those weirdos
encroaching on our family time. But hey,
what could I do? They were very kind.
And that phrase became a running joke
because the Gabaldis continuously told
us that we were very kind for this and
that thing.
Over dinner, Gerald Gabaldi talked and
talked and talked and the rest of us
could just do nothing but listen. And
the crazy thing is, I couldn't really
tell you what he talked about. He just
rambled about nothing and everything.
Politics, movies, music, Donald Trump,
Angela Merkel, cancel culture, the youth
of today, animated violence, and those
damn video games. All sorts of stuff.
But I could not tell you a single thing
he actually said or a single opinion he
actually had. It was like the man was
talking total gibberish, just saying
snippets of things that made some sense
or could pertain to something but just
didn't really fit together in any
cohesive manner. And at one point, he
was talking about how Trump was the
worst thing to happen to the country in
years. But then 5 seconds later, he was
calling him the greatest damn president
the country's ever seen. He kept
bringing up Angela Merkel, too, saying
what an ugly troll she was. and Ellie
and I fought to keep a straight face
because I swear up and down Marine
Gabaldi could have been Angela Merkel's
long- lost twin separated at birth. Now,
imagine Angela Merkel dressed like a
Lolita, I was told. And diva's apologies
for the image, but that was Moren
Gabaldi. And don't ask me how I know any
of that stuff. They were honestly like
something from that weird show on TLC. I
genuinely wanted to look around for
hidden cameras. I was waiting for the
other shoe to drop. Surely, we were
being pranked. Unfortunately, things
didn't stay comical for very long.
After dinner, the Gerabaldi made
themselves comfortable in the living
room and turned the TV on. I took Ellie
into the other room and asked her what
the hell we were going to do. Amy was
almost crying because she wanted to play
board games, and Elliot and Cindy had
already left to explore the outskirts of
the forest before the sun had fully set.
In the end, I had to very politely ask
the Gabaldis if they would mind leaving
for the night and letting us settle in.
I expected them to display that Canadian
embarrassment and a sort of a shucks
energy, but instead Gerald Gabaldi
decided to square up to me. He pushed me
in the chest and accused me of being an
ungrateful guest.
They had allowed us into their abode,
after all, and how dare we simply ask
them to leave. What right did I have to
try and throw a man out of his own home,
especially after dinner?
It started to dawn on me that these
freaks did not realize how Airbnb was
supposed to work. I mean, surely they
realized that they were meant to leave
the house while we stayed in it. And I
gently tried to ask this, and they acted
furious.
Again, I almost thought that we were
being pranked. Maybe this was one of
those dumb YouTube things. But then
Moren began outright howling and crying
and accusing us of being home invaders.
I could not believe what I was hearing.
When she threw some pretty vile slurs at
Ellie, that's when I knew that this was
definitely not a joke. I drew the line
there. This had been funny for an
evening, but it was beginning to ruin
our muchneeded vacation. And moreover,
they were upsetting Amy, and nobody
speaks to my wife like that.
I have no idea but demand that this
couple leave their own property or I'd
call the police. I wasn't even sure if
this could fly legally, but what choice
did I have? I could put a complaint in
the Airbnb the next day. And if we had
to find a nice hotel in the town over,
then that would suck, but so be it.
Surprisingly, the Gabaldi seemed
terrified at the idea of me calling the
cops. They heaved their considerable
bulks off the couch and stormed out. Now
I watched them leave, stamping their way
around the outside of the house and into
the forest. Now minutes later, Elliot
came back in. I filled him in on what
he'd missed and told him that the
Gabaldis were unhinged and not to let
them in if they came back. Elliot agreed
and then asked where Cindy was. My heart
sank. I thought she'd been with him.
Elliot said she had been, but that she'd
headed back to the house ahead of him
cuz she needed to use the bathroom.
Ellie was upstairs putting Amy to bed,
so Elliot and I rushed outside to try
and find Cindy. She was in a clearing
with the Gerabaldis.
As I approached, I saw that Meereen was
holding a damn shovel. As I got closer,
I could hear what Gerald was saying. He
was trying to persuade my 20-year-old
daughter to come back with them to their
house and have some sexy times with
them.
Cindy, who hadn't been present during
the blowup, was doing her best to be
nice and not offend them, and I'm so
proud of her for that. She was clearly
worried about the shovel Meen was
holding, though, despite not knowing how
volatile and weird this couple really
was. I snuck out behind Meen and grabbed
the shovel from her hands. I told Cindy
to get behind me and that she didn't
have to put up with this crap from these
utter freaks.
Marines screamed at me, telling me that
my family wasn't safe and that they
booby trapped the house and that there
was a carbon monoxide leak that would
poison us all in our sleep and that
they'd rigged the house to kill us.
It was absolutely insane.
I had no idea what we could do. There
was no way that we could stay overnight
in that house when the owners were this
nuts. For the moment, I told Cindy to
take Elliot back into the house. Then I
kind of threatened the Gabaldis with a
shovel, making sure they backed off and
left the property. Once I was sure they
waddled far enough away, I went back
into the house. Inside, Ellie met me
with some incredibly bizarre news. While
I'd been out there dealing with the
Jerobaldis, she'd received a phone call
on the Airbnb's landline. It was the
owners asking if we'd arrived okay and
calling to wish us a pleasant stay. Of
course, Ellie had told them that we'd
spent an evening with the supposed
owners, and my wife described the couple
who'd intruded on our Canadian vacation.
The actual owners, the Macka voice, told
us to keep the door locked and that
they'd be over with law enforcement
shortly. Now, sure enough, 10 minutes
later, a station wagon and a police
cruiser pulled into the driveway, and
that's how we met the real and very
lovely owners of that Airbnb.
There's a simple if crazy explanation
for what had happened. The Gabaldis,
which was not their real name, of
course, were the neighbors of the
Makavoys who'd been enraged on a land
boundary dispute with them for years.
They'd always been quietly resentful of
the Makavoys
and always been an annoying but minor
thorn in their side. When the Makavoys
bought a second property on the other
side of the Gerabaldi's land, it all
became too much for them and they
decided to try and sabotage the Makavoys
attempts at earning income through
Airbnb by masquerading as the owners,
the lunatic Gabaldis, to scare away any
guests. Turns out we were the first
guests, and the Gabaldi's bizarre grudg
almost worked. The utter weirdos had
even managed to spy on the Makava voice
to see the keypad code for the
electronic lock and help themselves to
the key. Unfortunately, that was the
only real crime they'd committed. And
even then, it was their word against the
Makavoys that they hadn't actually been
told the key code. However, the
Geraldis, whose real names I won't use
just in case, were known as menaces and
troublemakers to local law enforcement,
who were only too happy to put the
scares on them enough that we had a
mostly peaceful stay for the rest of our
vacation,
which I will add, the Makavoys gave us a
severe discount on, meaning that for the
most part, we got to spend a beautiful,
tranquil vacation on the outskirts of
the boreal forest for half the normal
asking price.
I say for the most part because there
was one final scary incident before we
left. On the day we were packing up to
head out after having had a great time,
I was downstairs with Cindy packing up
the kitchen. We heard a crash from the
living room and ran next door to see
that a stone had been hurled through the
windows, smeared with what I can only
hope was mud. We rushed outside to see a
fat figure disappearing into the trees.
I let the Makavoys know and they
informed the cops. I really hope for
their sake that they installed some home
security going forward. I do keep an eye
on the Airbnb website to see if that
property has ever been made available to
vacationers again, and I've not seen it
crop up since. It could be that the
Makavoys decided that it wasn't worth
trying to combat the Gerabaldi, or it
could just be that they're not renting
through Airbnb anymore. Either way, I
wish the Makavoy all the best.
As for the bizarre, creepy couple, if
you've ever come near my family again,
I'll show you us folk aren't quite as
forgiving as our Canadian cousins.
Hey friends, thanks for listening. Click
that notification bell to be alerted of
all future narrations. I release new
videos every Monday and Thursday at 9:00
p.m. Eastern time. And there are super
fun live streams every Sunday and
Wednesday night. If you got a story, be
sure to submit them over at my email,
let's readadsubmissions@gmail.com,
and you might even hear your story
featured on the next video. And if you
want to support me even more, grab early
access to all future narrations and
bonus content over on Patreon, or click
that big join button here on YouTube to
hear about the extra perks for members
of the channel. And check out the Let's
Podcast, where you can hear all of these
stories and big compilations located
anywhere you listen to podcasts. I also
have a true crime channel called Saturn
Soul. All links in the description
below. Thanks so much, friends. And
remember,
Hello Kitty is for babies.